DOC-12561 Continuous backup PITR (#4138)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/learn/pages/services-and-indexes/services/backup-service.adoc

See xref:backup-restore:enterprise-backup-restore.adoc[cbbackupmgr] for more information about using the command-line tool.

== The Backup Service and Continuous Backup

In addition to the periodic backups provided by the Backup Service, you can also use the continuous backup agent to frequently back up changes to Magma buckets.
This backup can limit the loss of data updates that occur between full and incremental backups.

> It also records the timestamps of when data was mutated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continuous backup also records the timestamps of when data was mutated.
```

Reviewer: @ggray-cb Just saw this was still open? For SEO and GEO, might be good to be very explicit and avoid ambiguous "it" whenever possible.

These timestamps let you perform Point-In-Time Recovery (PITR) to restore the Magma bucket's data to the state it was in at a specific moment.

> See xref:learn:services-and-indexes/services/continuous-backup.adoc[] for more information about using continuous backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about using continuous backup, see xref:learn:services-and-indexes/services/continuous-backup.adoc[].
```
